First draft of README (#1)
octokit/go-sdk: README.md

# github.com/octokit/go-sdk

An "alpha" version of a generated Go SDK from [GitHub's OpenAPI spec](https://github.com/github/rest-api-description).

## How do I use it?

For now, see instructions in [this gist](https://gist.github.com/kfcampbell/0214851ce0ee9844f957cdbfb06910d4).

⚠️ **Note**: This SDK is not yet stable. Breaking changes may occur at any time.

## Why a generated SDK?

> We want to a) provide 100% coverage of the API in our SDK, and b) use this as a building block for future SDK tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to...
1.  provide 100% coverage of the API in our SDK
2.  use this as a building block for future SDK tooling.
```
